Alhamdulillah, by the blessings of Allah, I completed the project almost.

# Mini Account Management System

- Different types of accounts can be added.
- Accounts are shown as a parent-child tree.
- Journal, Payment and Receipt Vouchers can be created.
- The user roles are Admin, Accountant, Viewer.
- Admin can manage users and set permissions for them.

Technologies used here are
---------------------------

- C#, ASP.NET Core with Razor Pages

- HTML, CSS, BootStrap, jQuery, AJAX

- ADO.NET, MS SQL Server

- Session-based Authentication with Custom role and access control


::Features::
------------

User Roles & Permissions
-------------------------

- Only Admin can create, update and delete users.
- Admin can provide permissions to users.
- Admin can change password for any users including admin also.



Chart of Accounts
-----------------

- The uniqueness of AccountCode is checked while adding a new account. And the AccountType of a child account must be     same as the Parent Account.
- For deleting an account, it must be a child account and show not be involved in a voucher.
- Accounts are shown as a parent-child tree.
- Stored procedure used: sp_ManageChartOfAccounts



Voucher Entry
-------------
  
- Journal, Payment and Receipt Vouchers can be created.
- Based on the voucher type and created person, an autogenerated unique Reference No. is added for every vouchers.
- The total debits must be equal to total credits and it is checked for every voucher entries.



